Saturday of those movies that you entered
says Carlos if he had a family type
woman children and such I think all
World was going to leave the movie very happy.
because this movie basically is for
from the adult family to the child and
simply pleases everyone and
difficult today a film of
animation does this then mainly
the one that already a little more pulled by the
legal parade adult
so how to train your dragon 2 that the
how to train your movie
dragon high wins dragan dragan so
now 2 basic the mind simply the
thing is, as is a
sequence
many things happened understood and
Here he brings a halt a bit
more adult than this taboo business
of the character because he kind of grows
in the middle know no complete idiot
mentally retarded but as the first
This movie surprised a lot from here.
it takes all those elements of the
first film and sent one knows for a
a little bigger place
he climbs the steps wine understands him
takes a little more risk it brings a
thematic I know there sums up that neither
I did not take actually spoke to
Synopsis I'll talk now
synopsis more or less like this happened
things in the first movie for everyone
now type like dragon and everything else is
now there's a guy who kind of wants to
create an army of dragon and power all
world then because it is basically the
decide but only that I do not want to give
answer to anyone and there are more
deeper than this I can say that
this film it as I said
daum under the grass understood compared
the first film because it brings a
thematic a little darker understand
more dark leaving something a little
but he does not sacrifice the side
that he is a film also for the
child understands it's all here if means
that the balance between business is a
main character ricca and the flash
I just just got your name in English
I do not know if they're ever dubbed
watched voiced so I got time
I saw that the two now
logical that it is not so little else are
together and double thalma and everything else and
progress with the story the villain
it is the beginning it may seem like no
What the hell, you fucking villain!
but as the story goes
progressing you know will meet a
little more villainous and has given a little
more reason why he is evil in a
deal badly and eventually know that
daily so animation films
had this one got a popular is well
built the characters have your know
its time for you to develop and
The way it's supposed to be, because it's here.
a continuation of the first film then
You have to give a little more to know.
then you have to develop a
little more than like part of
girlfriend show part of guy type
Car father that his father's face not
dude what kind have to be the leader now
stop the boss and have all that deal
and then there's a lot going on in the
movie understands but anyway it does not
half busted business is balanced
way that makes sense and a movie remained
very cool, very cool guy
For me, this movie simply can be
the best animation of the year so far is the
best
You can say the phrase and such the phrase
It was nice, but if there's a face, get paper.
understood there is an end of the lego, right?
paulo was not better or worse
I think all three are my pairs.
opinion then, because it 's personal is this
I hope you liked it and I
I went straight in the comments what you
liked the movie itself you watched it
there comparing with the first kind
changed the development of such
character got a little better
understood how the character xe
everything else
The comparison is with the tv series that
kind of thing on Friday the TV series
because I do not really know
so it's
and as I have always been water and I have done
straight because I have to do certain
things
so I do not have much time so by
This, I know, I'm just going to give me a
Fuck something here to let you know me.
It 's more or less the movie, that 's it now.
Now I do not know how I end this.
we went